the example of the crowd the polls already
Tuesday, May 27 south touched
finally galley consistent rippling
on the coast there beach break break out
sets of up to five feet and xandão still
due to the tide that did not fill well
there's still going to be more at the bottom of the page
and here in the peak of matinhos condition is
very very good early on with the tide
but I know that it has begun to fill the tide
the ripple remains consistent though
the series takes a little bit higher
mainly on the underside of the
is hitting where it goes there near
of the fisherman with walls in Brazil
check out the images in the sci fi site
parana
the galley went in to talk look pump
Look at the wall opening the peak of tiny
Look there they are down there goes
reform
There's a gallop picking up
this is it
did not finally touch
look dilma half breaking carioca pedro
with other images is the good of
another series there behind lazio 9
the bunch, that's it guys coming in there
it's a series but it's an intermediate wave
there is a somewhat irregular fault
here on the stone side
she gives that reformed one and that 's where
I'll try to record one there
down to the guys singing a series
irregular there behind the stone reported
a good wall here on the side is like this
some forming good walls there
I'm going to try to record one for
you look at the image of the brave beach
he only leaned against it a little
irregular according to the direction of the
yellow population beginning to fill the
proportional in some moments in the
walls but still opening it was
closing everything well
what I said here the regular team
still because the moment has costanzo né
but there the right opened there already we will have
plus a rocking swing at rowan
enough ripple in the area
you can regulate but the tide will fill
enough then I will improve the
rights
and that's when past information gets dirty
best surf site Parana
she's going into the series there plus one
Brave recording here
is that the wave is still balanced
closing fast but rather size
consistency in series a and b